Changes in Version 0.8-2

  o fix an uninitialised memory issue reported by valgrind


Changes in Version 0.8-1

  o partykit now depends on R version >= 3.1.0 in order to import the
    depth() generic from the "grid" package.

  o The print methods for party/partynode objects with only a root node
    was modified. Now, the terminal panel function is also applied
    if there is only a root node (while previously it was not).

  o ctree() now catches sum(weights) <= 1 situations before they 
    lead to an error.

  o Code from suggested packages is included by using :: syntax as
    required by recent R versions.
    
  o Argument ytrafo of ctree() can now be a function which will be
    updated in every node.
    
  o A small demo briefly illustrating some memory and speed properties
    has been added. It can be run interactively via
    demo("memory-speed", package = "partykit").
    
  o Section 3 of the "constparty" vignette now shows how properties of
    a new tree algorithm can be assessed by using partykit building
    blocks.


Changes in Version 0.8-0

  o Major improved version of "partykit". The previously existing functions
    in the package were tested and enhanced, new functions and
    extensive vignettes added.

  o Extended and improved introductory documentation. The basic classes
    and class constructors partynode/partysplit/party are introduced in 
    much more detail now in vignette("partykit", package = "partykit").
    
  o The class constparty (inheriting from party) for representing party
    objects with constant fits in the nodes (along with coercion methods
    for rpart, J48, etc.) is now described in more detail in the new
    vignette("constparty", package = "partykit").

  o The package now includes a reimplementation of the model-based
    recursive partitioning algorithm (MOB) using "partykit" infrastructure.
    The generic algorithm, the corresponding convenience interfaces
    lmtree() and glmtree() as well as various illustrations and possible
    extensions are described in detail in the new
    vignette("mob", package = "partykit").

  o Improved implementation of conditional inference trees (CTree), see
    the new vignette("ctree", package = "partykit") for details.

  o New nodeprune() generic for pruning nodes in all "party" trees and
    "partynode" objects.

  o Deal with empty levels in ctree() for teststat = "quad"
    (bug reported by Wei-Yin Loh <loh@stat.wisc.edu>).

  o In predict() method for "constparty" objects, type = "prob" now returns
    ECDF for numeric responses and type = "response" the (weighted) mean.

  o New panel function node_ecdf for plotting empirical cumulative
    distribution functions in the terminal leaves of "constparty" trees.


Changes in Version 0.1-6

  o Bug fix in as.party() method for J48 trees with ordered factors.


Changes in Version 0.1-5

  o Fix C code problems reported by clang under OS X.


Changes in Version 0.1-4

  o Added "node_surv" for plotting survival ctrees. Accompanying
    infrastructure for survival trees was enhanced.
    
  o ctree() now checks for (and does not allow) x >= max(x) splits.


Changes in Version 0.1-3

  o Added "ipred" to the list of suggested packages due to usage of
    GlaucomaM and GBSG2 data in tests/examples.


Changes in Version 0.1-2

  o The node_terminal() panel-generating function is now customizable
    by a FUN argument that is passed to formatinfo().

  o The plot() method for "simpleparty" object now sets up a formatting
    function passed to formatinfo(), both in print() and plot().

  o Fixed bug in pmmlTreeModel() for processing label IDS in splits when
    not all levels are present.
  
  o Cleaned up unused variables in C code and partial argument matching
    in R code.
  

Changes in Version 0.1-1

  o First CRAN release.
  
  o See vignette("partykit", package = "partykit") for a (somewhat rough)
    introduction to the package and its classes/methods.
